Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=wFo4UTOPbNo

You don't lose money because your strategy sucks. You lose because you are entering at the wrong time when there's no liquidity. To me, I fundamentally believe that the highest leverage skill in trading is not memorizing chart patterns or chasing trading indicators. It's in mastering liquidity and timing. Liquidity tells you where the market will move. Timing tells you when the market is about to explode. My name is Brett Go. I've been trading for 7 years and last year alone, I've made over $2.2 million in profits. Every single trade documented live on my second channel, Bread Trades. I've also coached hundreds of traders to become six figure funded traders. And I'm also the founder of Edge Flow, the trading super app on the screen right now, which is built for discipline and consistency. So, quite simply put, I don't want your money. I want you to become a better trader. All right, now that you know who I am, let's dive right into it. Now listen, my boy, most conventional trading advice is designed to make you liquidity for the rich. The more I trade, the more obvious this becomes. With that said, the market doesn't hunt stop losses or pending orders just because the smart money are evil, greedy people who want to steal our hard earned money. No, it's not all about capitalism. They do it because they need liquidity to execute the large positions. For example, let's say today you are smart money, you are institutions and you want to enter for a sale with like a billion dollars worth of like short orders. Now you need someone on the other side to fulfill that, right? You need someone who's willing to buy the $1 billion worth of short orders that you are trying to sell right now. And guess what? Most likely there's not going to be another guy that is willing to match your order at the exact timing that you want to sell. which means that they need to get the available liquidity from the market from retail traders from other traders just like us. So to me I define liquidity as resting orders which is simply the fuel they need to cause price to move in their desired direction which means if they want price to move down significantly or price to move up significantly they need to sweep some liquidity first before the actual move can happen. So the next question becomes where do you spot the available liquidity? Where do you find this good old secret liquidity right? Do you find it under the rock under my pillow? No, you find it in certain areas. Number one is above or below support and resistance levels, right? So if you're a retail trader, you would have thought that you know if there's like a resistance level just like this, you should enter for a sell when price is you know like approach this resistance level which means that you want to place your stop loss above this resistance level itself. Boom, that's available liquidity. And then you also thought that you know there's a support level right here. So if price approaches support level and is reversing, enter for a buy. Boom, there's liquidity right here. Liquidity, like I mentioned earlier, is simply resting orders which comprise of pending orders and stop losses, right? So there's going to be people who enter for a buy right here, placing their stop loss below this low. There's also going to be people who's placing their sell stop at this support level right here who want to trade the breakout itself. So the sell stop that sitting below this low that is sitting below this support level and the stop losses that are situated below this support level they form your available liquidity which means if smart money want price to actually go up significantly they have to come down sweep all the available liquidity right here and then cause price to reverse and this is where they got the available liquidity they need to actually cause price to move to the upside as they desired. Another area is above a swing high or below a swing low. Right? So when there's like a swing high just like this, there's going to be buy stops above this high right here. Once again, that's liquidity. And you can see clear as day in this particular case, price went up there, swept the available liquidity above the swing high and cause price to come down. Similarly, there is also going to be liquidity below swing lows in the form of sell stops. Right? So there's sell stops below this low right here. Or there's also going to be stop losses of the retail traders who enter for a buy right here trying to trade the continuation of the move. So when price comes down, swep the liquidity and that cause price to actually go up. So this is clear as day. The price point in which institutions enter into the market, sweep all the available liquidity and cause price to move to the upside. And then there's also other places of liquidity like equal highs just like this where there's available liquidity above these two highs. Uh equal lows as well. And then there's also liquidity when there's like a very clear consolidation just like this. We know that there's liquidity here above the consolidation and below the consolidation itself. So you can see this in this particular case price used available liquidity below the consolidation to fuel the pullback right here for price to mitigate this previous supply zone right here. create like a new lower high for price to continue going down even further. So quite simply put, if you cannot spot liquidity, then you are the liquidity. If you can spot liquidity, if you can spot where liquidity is hiding, you will stop being the 100. And this is exactly why you all keep on getting stopped out over and over again just to see price going away because you don't understand liquidity. Now hopefully I've shown some light on how liquidity works and how the market works as a whole. And the thing is when you start to understand market structure and liquidity, this is where you will be able to develop your bias which is your trade idea like you know where to buy, where to sell and you should be able to get a sense of when to enter into the market like what's the perfect price point to enter into the market. But with that said, that's only one piece of the puzzle. That's just one leg of the entire chair itself. There's also other pieces of the puzzle that you need to take into account of because remember success in trading equal strategy plus timing. You can be right on the trend direction and still lose because you enter too early or too late. For example, right now in this particular case, I see price is actually going down, right? And as price come down here you know sweep this liquidity whatever and let's say I want to enter for a sell right here. Okay, because you know price has swept liquidity uh the trend direction is down I understand liquidity I understand structure so obviously I want to enter for a sell right here but what you fail to take into account of is timing right like you enter for sell right here when price has already made it made it extended move to the downside right here you're kind of too late right so what happens is that right after you enter price make a significant pullback and stop you out just to see later on price go in your way or because you failed to take into account of what's the perfect timing to actually enter into the market. There's this old adage on Wall Street which says that being early is just as bad as being wrong. So this means that even the right setup, the right trade ideal, the perfect sniper entry, it will fail if it's ped with the wrong timing. Which brings us to the next piece of the puzzle, which is timing. Now listen, when I'm talking about timing, I'm not talking about guessing when's the best time to trade. Ah, is it after dinner? Is it after I put my two kids to bed? Is it after my 9 to 5 job? Is it after I have uh exercised and run 10 p.m. like David Gogggins? No, I'm talking about finding out when institutions are actually participating because outside of those windows, price doesn't move much. Like I said earlier, when you understand liquidity, you know where exactly institutions are going to come in and cause price to move up or down significantly. But without the when, none of that matters. Which means you need to understand timing because timing allows you to figure out when. [music] When does the institutional flow of money is going to come into the market? When are you able to enter at the perfect timing right before the large move? So you can capitalize on large move rather than entering too late or entering too early. That's when that's why timing matters. And in forex trading there are only two windows which presents the most amount of trading opportunities and that is the London open and the New York open. Let's quickly run through it. Right. So to me, this right here are the best time to trade. Once again, I'm not just saying this and just pulling this out of my ass. This is based on data. This is based on the thousands or hundreds of thousands of trades that I've taken throughout my entire career. And based on data, I fundamentally believe that these are the timings which present the most amount of trading opportunities, which means it's the most profitable to trade. So first of all, you got the London session. London session is from 3:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. All right, this is not the London session. This is actually the London Open. The entire London session is from 3:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Eastern time. Right. So, this is actually the London Open. In fact, let me just edit this real quick because I don't want anybody to misunderstand this. Okay. And once again, in my opinion, my favorite time to trade is the London Open. If you look at the trades that I've taken on my second channel, the bread trades, you can see that almost every single trade is taken during this session itself during the London open. Right? So this is where liquidity enters into the market. All right? Before London session, there's actually your Asian session. I'll talk more about why I don't trade Asian session later on. Right? But this is really when the window of opportunity opens, right? Where you can manifest anything that you want into existence. All right? Just kidding. uh this is really where liquidity enter into the market. Now after London session is New York session but before New York session there's actually an overlap right there's actually an overlap between the London and the New York session right so from around 8:00 a.m. to around 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. Once again you can go and convert this to your particular time zone. I'm just going to be speaking in a form of Eastern Standard Time because I'm assuming that a lot of people watching this video is from the United States, right? So, from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time during the London and New York overlap, this is where you get the most amount of trading opportunities. Not really the most amount of trading opportunities, but it's the most volatile period of the entire day itself, right? Where there's going to be huge spikes in price. So, once again, just a quick recap. London open. This is when liquidity first enter into the market. This is where banks open. This is where orders get executed. Structure starts forming and price starts seeking liquidity. And then during the London and New York overlap, this is just nice. When the two session, the two most volatile and lucrative sessions clash, which means London traders are trading, New York traders are also trading, people from UK, people from US, right? They're all trading at the same time right here. And that give us a huge amount of trading volume in the market. Highest volume of the day. And then this is followed by the New York session or rather no this is already part of the New York session, right? Because the New York session opens at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time. This is where US institutions, banks, smart money people on Wall Street, they join the market and this is where trading volume starts increasing. Right? And during the New York session, it can either extend the move that was created during the London session or it could cause the entire move to reverse. And here's an important tip, right? I want you to remember this. Most real daily move are either created or confirmed during New York session. All right? Which means that whatever trend direction that was established during the New York session itself, that is going to determine the entire daily candlestick. All right, once again, just a pro tip. If you don't understand what the hell they just talk about, don't worry. All right, so now let me just give you an example. Now, there's a name for these sessions right here. Traders, they like to call this window the Q zones, right? I know sounds super fancy, super sophisticated, super cool, super badass, but they are not really magic, right? They are not magical zones like, "Hey man, this is where the portal of millions of dollars uh the portal of wealth is going to open." No, they exist because this is when liquidity and participation overlap. This is when there's available liquidity and smart money is going to take the available liquidity to fuel price to move either to the upside or to the downside. That's it. So, let's use this example that I have right here. Right? So, over here, this is around 3:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And this is where London session actually opens. All right? Right? When London session opens, notice how price went from, you know, consolidating just like this and it break out of the consolidation and push to the upside. Right? So this is where London session open. Price has officially break off the consolidation that was established during the Asian session. And you can see right right when the London session opened, price actually created like this long low week right here which swept all the available liquidity below the range that was created during the Asian session before pushing to the upside. And then later on price just came back down here retested this institutional zone right here. This institutional demand zone that was being created right here and cause price to move to the upside. Okay. Now outside of London and New York session which is like usually during Asian session uh Sydney and Tokyo session to be very exact. This is where you will notice that price usually isn't moving with purpose right like Asian session it often like just consolidate just like this. There's very low trading volume. The candlesticks are very very small. Uh and this is where price is just accumulating and positioning rather than actually expanding. which means that if you trade during the Asian session itself, this is where there's very little to no volatility. So, you're either going to get chopped out, right, which means you're going to stuck in this range right here, or you're going to end up holding the trade for way too long just for you to see yourself get stopped out before the real move actually happens, right? Which is exactly why once again, I do not like trading the Asian session. is just a session that once again based on my data is not really lucrative for me. But the caveat is if you're a beginner, right, you are not used to the huge amount of volatility in the London and New York session, then Asian session is perfect for you, right? It's perfect for you to like, you know, just practice trading, get used to the slow price action. And to me, I equate it to like sitting on a  and just chilling, right? And this is really like the come before the storm, right? Later on, the storm is going to appear, boom, and then the the New York there's going to be another storm that appear, boom. So yeah, this is really the calm before the storm. So after the London session, this is where we transition to the New York session, right? So the New York session happens around like 8:00 a.m. which is like somewhere around hereish. And you can see when the New York session open, like I said, it can either cause price to continue the trend direction that was established during the London session, which is obviously bullish, or it could cause it to reverse, right? So in this case price actually continued the trend direction that was established in London and then later on midway through New York session this is where price started reversing and caused the entire trend direction to switch bearish okay so Asian session consolidation London session uptrend established New York session downtrend established all right so that's just how timing works once again I just want to say that most of my trading happened around the London open session which somewhere around here. I do my analysis. I do my charting. I do my markups right before 3:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. Usually around 2:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, I'm sitting on my desk. I'm going through my watch list. I'm prepping my charts. I'm marking up the key levels, identifying trend direction, identifying where is the available liquidity so that when London session actually do open at 3:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, I know exactly when to enter. I know exactly where to strike. To me, I believe that the hard part about trading is not analyzing the charts. If you have went through my videos, you have applied the lessons that we actually teach you in there. All the market mechanics concepts like how to draw supply and demand zones, how to identify available liquidity, how to, you know, just establish the trend direction. You will know that the hard part is not technical analysis, right? The hard part is waiting for the A+ setup that checks off every single box and saying no to any subpar trades in the meantime. The hard part is waiting. And the best part about Edge Flow, right, which is the trading super app that I'm using right now that I've built for the past 12 months is that it has the ability to limit your trading to the window in which you want to trade. And this allows you to stay disciplined day in day out. For example, in this particular case, I can change my trading window to like let's say 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And as a result, it will only allow me to trade from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time, which means that if right now is 7:00 a.m., this button will be grayed out right here, which forbids me from actually trading. So once again this allows me to stick to my trading session rather than you know trading during New York or London when I set out to only trade this overlap itself because remember professionals do not trade all the time. They only trade when the market is capable of paying them. Now just because liquidity exists does not mean price will move yet because liquidity they can sit untouched for hours. It requires participation. It requires institutions to actively step into the market and grab all the available liquidity, sweep all of the available liquidity in order for the big move to happen. Once again, this means that we need to wait for the perfect window of opportunity to open, which is either the London or the New York open, right? So, this is where smart money they will actively step into the market, sweep the liquidity and cause price to actually move to the upside or to the downside. And the thing is, you can trade at a perfect time, which means you enter for a buy, enter for a sell at London open or New York open or whatever, but if there's no resting orders nearby, if there's no liquidity in the market, price will either chop around just like this or it will barely move at all. Right? So, like I said, timing without liquidity is just noise, which also means that you need both liquidity and timing. This is the secret source right here. If you can really master this, you will be able to manipulate the market and just move it at your own will. No, I'm just kidding. But anyways, this is like Doctor Strange  All right, liquidity plus timing equal expansion. Liquidity provides the fuel. Timing provides ignition. You need both in order for price to move significantly. Liquidity is the oil. Timing is the fire, right? And when you combine these two you get a huge ass explosion in price, literally. Which is why I'm going to give you five simple steps to follow in order for you to combine liquidity and timing. Right? This is something that you can put inside a trading plan. First step is to identify the trend direction and structure. Right? So once again, I'm just going to like map out this chart right here and show you how I apply this trade plan. I call this the golden bullet strategy, right? to make fun of the people out there, you know, using like the silver bullet strategy. So, this is the golden bullet strategy. All right. Uh this is where once again you want to combine liquidity and timing. So, trade plan open charts open. Cool. First step, identify trend direction and structure. So, looking at this itself, clear day price is going down. So, this is where we can identify our break of structure to the downside. And this means that this is the swing high and this is the swing low that we are trading within. Cool. Done. Right. So undefied trend direction bearish. How do we know that? Because price has just created a bearish break of structure and this is a lower high and this is a new lower low. Next thing is identify where liquidity sits. Right? So at this point of time I'm asking myself okay if price want to you know continue this downtrend what must it do? It has to create a lower high. But in order for price to create a lower high and in order for price to get the available liquidity to cause price to move downward, what must it do? It needs to sweep some available liquidity. And where is the liquidity going to come from? Well, above the swing highs that we have established right here. Right? So if I'm looking at this right now, I saw there's available liquidity right here. Okay, clear as day liquidity over here. And then there's more liquidity over here as well. And then there's more liquidity over here as well, right? Which means that price will most likely sweep any one of this liquidity before it has sufficient power for price to move down even further. Which also means that if price is somewhere around here and there's no liquidity zip, we're not going to enter for the trade itself. Right? So next step check, identify where liquidity sits. Now for the next step, wait for the active session which is the London open, right? or the New York open or the London and New York overlap. This is where you want to wait for the timing because right now we have already identified the liquidity. We know that if price want to move to the downside is to come up here and sweep this high or this high or this high or this high before moving to the downside, right? But the next thing becomes okay when is it going to sweep those stuff right here? Well, it's only going to sweep those stuff during the London or New York or the London or New York overlap. And here's a bonus tip. You also want to mark up the supply zones, right? That created this break of structure itself, right? So, this is a supply zone and then there's another supply zone right here and then there's another supply zone here and then there's another supply zone right here. And these are going to be the zones where price is gravitating towards. Right? So, we can expect some form of sell orders when price get any one of these four zones that we have right here. Now, if I have to bet my money on the one zone that would definitely hold is going to be this zone right here because this is the extreme zone that cause price to break structure and there's also a bunch of available liquidity sitting near the extreme supply zone as well. And also, this is really like the last swing lower high, right? So in order for price to you know continue bearish it has to respect this last lower high right here and it has to create like a new lower high before price continue going down even further. Right? So this to me is the last line of defense that price has to hold in order for price to remain bearish. Which means that if later on price went up there and take out this higher this means that price could potentially shift bullish and we could create higher highs and higher lows. And yeah this is where you can start looking for longs instead of looking for shorts. So right now at this point of time it's still like 10:00 a.m. Right? So in Singapore, London opens at around 300 p.m. Singapore time, right? So it's still got like a few more hours till London open. So I can't really show you because I'm using a live market example right here. But what I am going to show you is my thought process, right? So the next thing is that I'm just not going to be doing anything until London open, right? And until price mitigate either one of these point of interest that I've marked up right here. So right now price will probably like you know go up a little bit and then when London actually open this is where we can see which point of interest is it going to respect which available liquidity is it going to sweep for price to create this lower high right here right so let's check this off right the next step is to let price available liquidity so over here when Don actually open it could come up here sweep the available liquidity from this high and cause price to go down just like this if that's the case cool we get our entry confirmation right here to signal to us that this reversal is indeed valid and we enter for a sell. If not, what can actually happens is that price can use the available liquidity above this high right here to cause price to pull back to the last internal structure to create like a new higher low because the internal structure is still bullish in order for price to pull back even deeper into the next point of interest. And the same thing could happen again, right? And for price to pull back to like the extreme point of interest before the real move actually happens, right? So once again, I don't have a crystal ball. I don't know exactly when price is going to start reversing. It could happen at this point of interest or this point of interest or this point of interest or this extreme point of interest. Which means that it all comes down to looking for your entry confirmation, looking for your entry model, your entry confluences to validate your trade idea before you actually enter for the trade. So to me ideally what I want to see is after price with the available liquidity I want to see some form of reaction and there's two reaction that I want to see. I want to see a V-shaped reaction which validate the liquidity sweep which means smart money has already used the available liquidity to manipulate price and then cause price to distribute and I also want to see price break structure. Right? All right. So in this particular case, you can see the internal structure is creating higher highs and higher lows, which means the internal structure is bullish because it's facilitating the pullback, right? Which means in order for us to know that the pullback is over, we need to see this bullish structure get broken. Which means we need to see price comes down after grabbing liquidity, after shipping available liquidity to take out the last higher low. And that is where we got a confirmation that the pullback is over and price is about to continue with the higher time frame bearish structure. All right. So that's how I define reaction. It needs to have a V-shaped reaction to signal the liquidity is valid and it also need to lead to like a break of structure just like this to validate that the market is actually shifting bearish. Right? And then when that happens, this is where I will execute the sell order with defined risk, which is usually 1% of my account. That's it, right? That's the entire strategy right there. It's really just as simple as that. But so goddamn effective. Okay. Obviously, there's a lot of other nuances like, okay, what if price comes down here, sweep the available liquidity below this low, and then continue going up, mitigate this extreme zone, then cause price to go down. Yep, all of these are valid, right? I cover all of these different possible scenarios inside my mentorship program 1% club, right? So, if you want to find out more about how to take into account of like what every single possible scenario that the market can throw at you, how to wait for the final liquidity sweep to happen before you actually enter at the exact timing. Check out my mentorship program. Uh but yeah, this is really like just the highlevel trade plan that you can actually utilize that any Tom, Dick, and Harry, any 5-year-old can understand, right? because my job here is to simplify things on this channel itself, not to over complicate stuff. Now before I move on to the next example, I want to emphasize the importance of discipline in trading. To me, that is the most important trait that every single trader needs to possess in order for them to become profitable. 95% of retail traders lose because they enter way too early or they anticipate price rather than reacting to price or they trade outside of the trading window. They should be trading because you know they start getting bored. They start getting itchy fingers and also they ignore their confluences or they don't do their mapping process properly. Once again, knowing liquidity and timing will not help you become profitable if you cannot wait. There's this famous quote by Blascal who said that all of a humanity's problem stems from man's inability to sit quietly alone or something like that, right? And I'll pretty much tweak that and say that all of a traders problem comes from the inability to sit quietly while the market does nothing. Once again, the hard part isn't in charting and spotting the A+ setup. It's in waiting. It's in waiting for price to sweep the available liquidity. It's in waiting for price to get up to this point of interest. It's in waiting for your entry criteria to appear in the market itself. It's in waiting for your desired trading window. So, the hard part is waiting is and that's the boring The boring actually pays. In order to solve that discipline problem, I spent the past one year building edge flow which is the world's first trading super app that you can see on the screen right here. This is the first app that actually changes your behavior so that you can become profitable faster. Like I said earlier, we got trading windows right here which enforce timing. We also got risk limits right here which enforce patience, right? So whatever you set in your settings, whether that's 1% or 2%, you are only allowed to reach that percentage per trade. And when you place your stop loss, at Flow automatically calculate your lot size based on your risk per trade and based on your stop-loss distance. And in addition to all of that, you also get max loss and profit target gut rails to prevent you from losing more money in a losing streak or giving back the profits that you have made back to the market in a winning streak. And you also have journaling that shows whether you have actually respected your trade plan and your entry confluences. And they also show you like the session in which the trade was taken. So you know which is the session where you actually perform best and what's the average duration of the best trades. And we still got a lot more other cool features. Ads flow doesn't help you predict. It helps you wait correctly so that you can actually take the high quality setups that will actually make you money. so that you can actually change your behavior and become disciplined faster so that you can make more money faster. Does that make sense? Anyways, we are still building Edge Flow right now. I've already spent $300,000 building this app itself and I also spent the past 12 months day and night building this awesome app. So, if you want to join the weight list, click the link in the description or go to ww.adflow.com or maybe by the time you're watching this, Adflow is already out. If that's the case, you can go on there and get the software and try out for yourself. So with that said, let me just give you one final example so that you really understand whatever that we just covered and you really master the concept of liquidity plus timing equal expansion. Right? So over here, first thing first, identify the trend direction and the structure. Clear as day, price is going up. Clear as day, this is a bullish breakoff structure. So we have established that we should enter for long positions. Next thing you want to identify where liquidity actually sits, right? So in this particular case, what do we have over here? We got price pull back, goes up, pulls back, swept all the available liquidity below the swing low before we got this huge move right here. Clear as day, V-shaped reaction, right? Big bullish momentum candle and it also caused price to break structure, right? So this is the price point which smart money has swept available liquidity and that cause price to fuel all all the way up here and this is where we can also draw like a demand zone right here that swap liquidity right so this is what I will define as a institutional point of interest once again if you don't understand what I'm saying right here you can check out my other lessons where I talk about how to trade high priority zones so over here that just tell us where liquidity has been swept but that doesn't tell us whereIIDID liquidity is currently sitting. Where is the available liquidity? We still have to find that out. And in order for us to find that out, what do we see? Right? We see that okay, price went up here, start consolidating around here. And notice how price is just creating these equal highs right here. And guess what? When there's a consolidation, when there's equal highs, when there's swing lows being formed, just like this, we know that there's a ton of available liquidity below those lows, right? Because this is where retail traders are going to be entering for a buy, placing the stop loss below these lows right here. Or there's going to be retail traders who are trying to trade the break of the consolidation and they're going to be placing their sell stop orders right here. Right? Once again, all of these generate a lot of available liquidity. That said, now do nothing. Right? Now, wear a straight jacket or whatever. Tie your hands up if you need to. Right? Just do nothing and you wait for the session. you wait for the Q zone which to me like I said is the London open right so at this point of time I'm not doing anything right I'm continue waiting being very patient right and right here this is 2:30 and this is 2:35 right London session has not opened yet so continue waiting continue waiting and later on is this where London session open boom yeah this is when London session actually opened right here you can see the minute London session open it actually went up there and swept the available liquidity above the swing high. This is something I forgot to mark up just now actually, but there's also available liquidity above those swing highs. So, London session opens and the first thing it does is it go up there and sweep the available liquidity above the swing high. You must understand what's the objective of price, right? Why is it sweeping the available liquidity above the swing high? Well, it needs liquidity to facilitate the pullback, right? So that it can create like a new high low right here before price go up even further, right? Right? So in this case is just using this liquidity to cause price to shift bearish in the short term. All right. So if you know you are a scalpel this is where you can enter for a sell. Right? You enter for a sell right here. And where do you want to sell to? So this is where you can enter for a sell right here after price up the liquidity. And where do you want to sell to? Right? You will most likely sell to this next point of interest right here because we are expecting price to come down there. Right? So later on price manage to come down here smash or take profit you get out. As simple as that. And all it did was price swap liquidity and you enter for a sell. Boom. You trade it to the next target which is the next point of interest where institutions are going to step in to look for long positions. Cool. Happy days. Get out. Now next right here this is halfway through London session. No, it's actually 30 minutes into London session itself. And this is how I define a high property entry. Right? Because this is where prices came down. up all the available liquidity that was sitting below these lows right here. And it has also mitigated the demand zone that caused price to break structure once again the institutional zone. And on top of that, this me entering for a buy right here is me telling myself that okay, there's going to be a higher low being formed right here and price is potentially going to make the move to the upside. Right? So this is where the internal structure could start shifting bullish so that it can continue with the higher time frame structure itself. Right? So this is where clear as day if you're super duper aggressive you can just enter for longs right here. You can either place a stop loss below the liquidation candle right which is this candle that liquidity or below the demand zone uh right here and just place your takeprofit at like let's say 2 hour or like 3 hour or like whatever right? All right. So, for the sake of this, I'm just going to like base it at like let's say three R. So, let's play uh what price does next, right? Price. Okay. That was freaking fast. I I didn't speak properly, but that was really really fast. But you can see this is the power of liquidity when you combine liquidity, right? With timing. This is the type of move that you get, right? You execute the trade with confidence because now you have price shipping the available liquidity and that means that fuel has entered into the market and you also combine with timing right you enter at a perfect timing which is London open right during the London open and that is the ignition and this is where price is going to move up very very smoothly or move down very very smoothly if you're looking for shorts right as simple as that guys no need to complicate things here so just to recap the five steps the golden bullet strategy. The chef key strategy. Identify trend direction and structure. Identify where liquidity sits. Wait for active session. Right? Wait for the timing and then let price the available liquidity. Wait for the reaction just like this. And then you execute with confidence with defined risk. All right. So yeah, that's the entire strategy itself. Remember trading isn't about doing more. It's about doing less at the right time at the right place. Okay. episode is about developing the right trade idea so that you can execute it at a perfect timing at a perfect location. Speaking of the perfect location, the next step is you must understand what are the high probability point of interest in which you want to be trading from because timing and liquidity is useless if you don't combine it with the right location. The best place to be trading which is usually at a high probability point of interest. So I would advise you to check out this lesson next right where I literally teach you how to identify the institutional point of interest. What is the perfect location in which you want to enter in for longs or shorts and if you can combine that with liquidity and timing you'll become invincible. Profits becomes a buy product when you master these three factors right here. Right? That's the holy trinity of trading. The right trade ideal, the right location, the right timing. So go on and check that video out right here. And as always, remember you're just one trade away.