Source: https://youtube.com/watch?v=QyEhAuFem6Y

If you can't tell me today's bias in one sentence, then you don't have one. Which means you are basically gambling. So why would you be surprised that you are broke, pathetic, inconsistent, and unprofitable? Don't worry, I'm not here to judge. I was once in your exact position. So I want to help you out. All right, so let me show you the exact checklist that I personally use to decide whether I should buy or sell or just stay out of the market. Yes, this is the same checklist that allowed me to make millions of dollars from trading the financial markets. So, by the end of this video, you will be able to write out your bias in 10 seconds. Maybe not 10 seconds, but like 5 minutes and know exactly what price needs to do to prove you wrong. And here's the thing, when you do this properly, you will stop taking random trades every singlewhere. You'll stop getting chopped out in the middle of the range. and you'll finally start trading with clarity and confidence because now you actually know exactly where price is most likely going to go [music] and where you are wrong. My name is Brett Go. I've been trading for 7 years. Last year alone, I made over $2.2 million in trading profits. And every single trade is documented live on my second channel, Brett Trades. I've also helped hundreds of students became six-figure funded traders. And I'm also the founder of Edge Flow, a discipline first trading platform that helps traders execute cleaner with gut rails, journaling, and performance tracking. So I don't want your money. I just want you to become a better trader, a profitable trader. Let's dive into it. So before we start, let's be clear what daily buyers actually means. Because this is one of those phrases where retail traders just love to throw around. But if you ask them what it actually means, they just stare blankly at you. It's like the six seven trend. You know, everybody says it, but nobody can actually explain it. So, here's the real definition of daily bias. Daily bias is basically where you think price is most likely to move in the next 24 hours and why. Now, notice I said most likely, not certainly. Because amateur traders, they try to predict the market. They think that the only way to make money in this market is to be 100% certain on where price going to go next. That's false. Professional traders on the other hand accept uncertainty, manage risk, and execute their plan consistently. So understand that trading isn't about predicting price like you are a freaking fortune teller. No, it's about putting yourself in trades where the odds are on your side. And that's what daily bias give you. It helps you filter out the setups that are most likely going to work in your favor. Once again, not guaranteed, just higher probability because no matter how confident you feel, your bias is still your perception of the market, not the market itself, not objective reality. Which means that you can still be wrong no matter how many confluences or confirmation you have. But when you actually have a daily bias, here's what happens. You will know exactly where to buy, where to sell. You will know where the market is most likely heading towards next. And you will know when to execute, what is the perfect time to get in so you can limit your downside and have a humongous upside. And most importantly, you will know when to stay out of the market. So remember this, bias isn't a prediction. Bias is a plan invalidation. which means this is what I would think will happen and this is what needs to happen for me to admit that I am wrong and listen if you don't have invalidation which is something that can falsify your trade ideal you don't have a bias you have hope and to me hope is just outsourcing your responsibility to luck because now you're not trading a plan you're just praying that price does what you want and price will go where you want it to go and my friend luck is not a strategy. Yo, quick pause from the video. If you have been watching me for a while, but you are still not consistently profitable or making the money that you want from trading, listen [music] up. From March 24th to 26, I'm running a 3-day live trading boot camp where I'm teaching [music] the exact habits and mindset shift that took me from losing tens of thousands of dollars to now making millions a year. It's the exact same mechanical trading system that helped over hundreds of my students go from inconsistent and unprofitable to now getting funded and consistently making anywhere from 10K to 50K a month. Because here's the truth. You probably already have good enough strategies to be profitable. But the real reason that most traders still lose money is because they don't understand how the market work and they never fix the habits and psychology that's keeping them broke. And that's exactly what I'm solving with this 3-day boot camp. Anyways, tickets are now live and on early bird pricing. So, grab yours before the price goes up. It's the top link in the description. Now, let's get back to the video. So, now that you understand why daily bios is so goddamn important, let me just enlighten you with my fivestep checklist that I personally use to develop my daily bios. And like I said, it's very simple. It's repeatable. It's profitable. Anybody can use it. Any Tom, Dick, and Harry from even freaking Wyoming knows how to use these five steps. All right, if you are able to apply these five steps, I can triple guarantee you that you will be able to figure out whether you should buy or sell and when is the best time to buy and sell. So the first step is to mark the higher time frame trend. So you stop trading in the middle of nowhere like a freaking clown. You stop trading any move that you see on the market. So what you want to do very simple is to just limit your focus. That's what we are doing when we actually refine our range. So when I'm looking at a chart just like this on a 4hour time frame, I saw price is obviously going up because price is creating higher highs, higher lows and higher high. So what happens is that the first thing I want to do is to identify my break of structure right here because when I do that I can understand that price in the uptrend and I can also identify the swing range I want to be trading within. Right? which is this swing low right here which is the lowest point that led to this break of structure. And then this is the highest point that led to price starts pulling back. Okay. So just by doing this alone I found out what's my 4our swing high, my week high and my 4hour swing low, right? Which is my strong low, right? So just by doing this alone, you can see how I pretty much limit my focus from like all of this random price action which is irrelevant and is is in the past to what price is doing right now in the present moment, right? And this is the range that I want to be focusing on. So before you talk about bias, before you talk about liquidity or supply and demand zones or anything in general, you need to figure out one thing. Where are we inside the higher time frame range? Because if you don't know that, you're pretty much going to be making decisions blind, right? So this is exactly why we actually map out the 4hour range. Once again, very simple. Just find the most recent swing low and swing high and that's your range. So once you have identified your higher time frame swing range, now you want to ask yourself, are we trading at a premium discount or the middle? And here's what I mean, right? In order for you to answer this question, you need to use the premium and discount too. So you can just go on to trading view, come here, go to FI retracement, and you can drag it from the swing low all the way up to the swing high. Just like this, I'm going to show you the settings on how to set up this premium and discount two on the screen right now. Right? So, you can pause this video and just copy these exact settings. But once you copy this exact settings, you will have something just like this. And basically, you can see this gray box right here. This is price within the premium pricing. This is price at the top of the range. And then this means that price is expensive. Okay? And then below here, this means that price is within the discount pricing. Right? This is the bottom of the range which means that price is cheap. So this means that when price is in the premium pricing I don't want to enter for a buy. I don't want to buy when things are expensive. I want to buy when things are at a discount right when price is down here. Which means that when price is expensive I'm looking for shorts right? I'm looking to short somewhere around here or I'm staying patient staying out of the market until price comes to the discount. Then I start looking for buys, right? And then when price comes down to the discount, right, below the equilibrium level, which is the 50% level, this means that price is cheap, right? So now I'm looking for longs. And now I can potentially trade the move to the upside. And when price is in the middle of nowhere, you can see in the middle of this range right here. This is where most retail traders donate money to the market or donate money to people who actually understand what they are doing, right? Because when price is in the middle of nowhere just like this, it's chopped. It's very difficult for you to identify your buyers. It's price being indecisive, right? And this is where you will get faked out like multiple times because you really don't understand like what's going on in the market. So my rule is very simple. When price is in a premium above the equilibrium level, look for sell. When price is below the equilibrium, within the discount level, right? Within the discount zone, look for buys. Okay? It's just like when you go to supermarket, you want to buy when price at a discount. You don't want to buy stuff when it's expensive. And then in the middle, reduce risk, right? Or just don't trade until price reaches an extreme zone, which is either within the discount pricing or the premium pricing. This one step alone will instantly clean up your bias, right? Because now you're not guessing direction. You are trading location. you know exactly where to buy or sell so that you can actually capitalize on the next move to the upside or to the downside. So that's the first step, right? You can see just by doing this first step alone, I'm looking at this, I know that, okay, cool. Right now price is within the premium pricing. So I want to look for shorts, right? At least short it all the way down until price comes down into the discount pricing. And then once price comes into the discount pricing, I'm going to switch my bias and look for longs, right? So I can trade the continuation of this move. And this is where the internal structure start shifting bullish. And now it's aligned with the higher time frame structure. And this is where you can expect price to create a new higher low for price to continue going up. and take out this higher high and just continuing this bullish market structure. Now step two is that you want to mark liquidity aka where the stop orders are right. So once you have figured out whether we are in a premium and discount the next question you should be asking yourself is where's the obvious money sitting because price doesn't move randomly it move to where orders are which is what we call liquidity pools right because remember smart money need that fuel in order for them to push price in the desired direction so I'm not going to go through every single type of liquidity pool in this video I've already done multiple videos on liquidity you can find it on my channel so to keep things simple for this video I'm just going to share with you the two main liquidity pools that you should be using to identify your daily bias. The first liquidity pool is the prior day high and prior day low. Right? So you go to the daily candlestick and what you want to do is to look at the previous day. Right? So this is today candlestick. This is the previous day candlestick. Right? So if I'm looking at this just like this, you can see when you look at this previous day candlestick, this is the highest point that price went to during the past 24 hours. And this is the lowest point where price went to during the past 24 hours. Right? So it's literally just yesterday's high and low. Right? So you want to draw a line just like this to mark that up. Right? Because when you do that, you are pretty much just identifying the magnets where there's a ton of stops and breakout traders which are like just patiently sitting to like trade it. So this was the candlestick that was formed yesterday, right? And if you look at the candlestick that was formed the day before yesterday, like this one right here, you will see that what happened was that price actually came down and swept the prior day low before pushing to the upside. Similarly, it did came down to sweep the prior day high before pushing to the upside as well. Right? So, let me just like change this color to red so you can clearly see what that looks like on the lower time frame itself. Okay? So, if you go down to the 4our time frame, you can see what happened. This was the prior day high. Price went up there, swept the prior day high, started reversing. This somewhere around here. This was the prior day low. Price came down here, sweep the prior day low and then started reversing. Right? So that is why we actually try to identify our prior day and high and hold low because like I said that is where retail traders or breakout traders they are looking to trade those zones and that's where they're placing their stop losses or they're placing their stop orders, right? So we can expect some form of liquidity to be sitting at those areas right there. Now the next type of liquidity pool is equal highs and equal lows. If you see two or three highs at the same time, that's not resistance level, right? That's a stop-loss pool. Same for equal lows, right? So in this example, price came down here, goes up, comes down, goes up, and then comes down, right? So you can see equal lows right here. Guess what? There's a bunch of liquidity right here. Price is coming down here slipping the liquidity below this equal lows and right now we are pushing to the upside right same thing right here. Okay over here we got equal highs. So now we can expect price to come up there those equal highs and for price to go down even further. So when you're doing this you want to ask yourself one question. Which side has the most obvious liquidity to run first? Which means that if you are sitting within the premium pricing and above us there's a clean prior day high just like this plus equal highs. What do you think price wants to do? Obviously if price want to go down even further it has to come up there sweep the prior day high liquidity sweep the available liquidity above this equal highs and then use all of this liquidity to fuel price for price to go down even deeper. Once again, it doesn't have to, right? But if it wants to create a huge move to the downside, this is the move that we are waiting for, right? This is the liquidity sweep that we want to see before we get confirmation that price is going to head down even lower. Now, similarly, if we are sitting within the discount pricing right here and let's say below here there's like equal lows, okay, equal lows, available liquidity right here, prior day low right here, liquidity here as well. Then what can we expect, right? We can expect price to later on come down, swept the equal lows, right? Swap the prior day, low liquidity, whatever, tapping into the discount pricing, right? And then starting to reverse and head up. Okay, so here's a disclaimer. When you have a liquidity sweep, it doesn't mean that price is going to reverse massively straight away. Liquidity just means target. It means where price tends to gravitate towards, which means that price might come down here and sweep the liquidity below these lows right here. But it doesn't necessarily have to reverse. It can just continue going down even further because in this particular case, supply might be stronger than demand that there might be more sellers than buys in the market and sellers might still be in control of the market. So there is insufficient liquidity right here for price to actually reverse. So as a result, price is just going to continue bearish. But either way, you need to know exactly where the market is pulling to first because this allows you to figure out your immediate bias, right? So you know exactly where price is going to go towards gravitate towards in the next few hours or so. So once again, step two is literally just marking up your prior day high and prior day low. And then you also want to mark up any sort of like equal highs and equal lows because those are the price points where we can see there's available liqu. And then based on that you can decide which side is the most obvious magnet. Right? So over here what I want to see ideally is for price to come down swap this highs before going down even further. Once again doesn't have to happen right but that just give me an additional like sort of sense on where I can expect price to gravitate towards next. Now step three is the part that most people skip and that is why the buyers keeps flipping every 15 minutes. Right? That is why they don't understand what they are doing when they go onto the charts. Step three is to figure out the story is to build a narrative to understand the objective of price which means to determine whether we are in a continuation phase or a reversal phase because at any given moment price is only going to be doing one of two things. It's either in a continuation, right? Continuing the trend that was established or it's in a pullback phase, right? Where price is pulling back so that later on it can continue with the established trend, right? So in this particular case, price went up, continuation, pullback, continuation and then now which phase are we in? We are in a pullback phase, right? price has used up bearish in the short term to facilitate the pullback and then the next phase is going to be the continuation phase again, right? Because the market move from imbalance to balance to imbalance to balance to imbalance again. That's the app and flow of the market. That's the heartbeat of the market. And here's the key. There are only two types of trend you need to understand. Pro higher time frame trend, which means that the lower time frame is aligned with the higher time frame trend. The lower time frame is moving in the same direction as the higher time frame. So right now the higher time frame, the daily time frame was showing us that price is going up. Right? So right now if I want to trade pro higher time frame trend, I want to be trading the continuation move to the upside. The second type of move is the counter higher time frame trend. That means you're trading against the higher time frame trend. So in this case higher time frame trend bullish, right? So if you're trading against the higher time frame trend, that means we are bearish. We are bearish in the short term, right? So this means that the lower time frame is moving against the higher time frame. Right? Once again, this is just price shifting bearish in the short term to facilitate the pullback. So the rule is if you are counter higher time frame, we are in a pullback. So you want to trade in a pullback direction until it completes. If you are in a pro higher time frame trend, that means we are in a continuation. So, you want to trade with the trend. And here's a quick warning for beginners. I don't recommend you trading counter higher time frame trend and counter lower time frame trend because that's how we get chopped out and start revenge trading. What I mean by that is that when price is against the higher time frame trend, that means we are in this pullback phase right here. That is the lower time frame trend. You can see lower time frame trend is bearish. Okay? Which means that if you trade counter lower time frame trend, you're going against the bearish lower time frame trend and you're trying to enter for buys when price is clearly bearish right here. So what happens is that you try to enter for a buy right here. Try to enter for a buy right here and as a result you are just going to be catching a falling knife. You are just trading counter everything, right? And that's just not going to be effective, right? Because you are literally trading against the lower time frame trend, against the higher time frame trend. are literally going against the institutional flow of money. So once again, beginner even like advanced and intermediate traders, you're much more better off not trading both counter higher time frame and counter lower time frame. And here's the rule of thumb. You basically always want to be trading with the internal orderflow, right? So if the internal orderflow is bearish just like this, right? The lower time frame trend is bearish, you just want to continue trading this bearish move, right? Just continue shorting the market until price comes down to the discount pricing, right? until price starts reversing. Once again, you want to trade what price is currently doing, not what you hope it would do. Like I can sit here and say, "Oh my god, please, please go up, man, so that I can enter for a buy." And then I enter for a buy. Well, that's me trading what I think the market will do. And that's not me trading what the market is actually doing right now. And I want to be trading what the market is doing right now, right? So if the market is going down, you should be selling. If the market is going up right now, then you should be buying. As simple as that. And then once price eventually comes down deeper into the discount pricing, then you can look to trade reverses because the deeper price comes into the discount pricing, the more extreme the zone is, right? Maybe like this demand zone right here, the higher the chance price is getting to ready to turn at any given moment. Now, this video is about setting daily bias, not entries, right? Because bias tells you which direction to hunt in and where price is likely headed towards next. But your entry model tells you when exactly to execute, how to execute, right? So, I'll just give you like a simple rule of thumb for confirmation in a second. But if you're on my full entry checklist, I will highly recommend you to check out my other videos, my other tutorials in the market mechanics playlist below, right? You can just go and binge watch the entire playlist. And I can guarantee you, you will learn so much in that playlist alone, much more than any 997 trading causes that you can buy online. Okay? So basically just to keep things simple if my bias is bullish I only want to look for longs after price have a liquidity sweep and there's a market shift or a break of structure on the lower time frame right so in this case price is actually still bearish because price is creating lower highs and lower lows so let's say this is the last lower high right so now I'm not going to enter for a buy until price take out the last lower high confirming to me there's a shift in structural and that's after some form of liquidity sweep right and when that happens I got my market shift. Then now I can immediately just jump in and look for longs and just trade the continuation because now I got confirmation that the internal structure the lower time frame trend has officially shifted. If your bias is bearish, it's the exact same thing but flipped around. Right? So instead, what you want to do is that you want to look at this right here, right? Let's say price is coming up here mitigating this 4hour supply zone. All right, cool. What I'm going to look for is for price to start shifting bearish in the lower time frame. So this is the last higher low right. So I want to see price take out the last higher low after sweeping some liquidity maybe like right here maybe even above like these equal highs right here and then when that happens then that tell me that okay right now price is shifting bearish you know we are going deeper into the discount pricing. Okay so in this particular case right you can see price did came down taking out the last higher low right here giving us the market shift that we need right. So let's say we decide to enter for a sell. Once again, I'm not going to dive deep into entries and exits in this video. Just going to like show you the example itself. So once you enter for a sell right here, right, you got your entry confirmation, whatever, whatever. And what you can do is to place a stop loss at a price point that invalidate that trade ideal. Right? For me, it's most likely going to be at this swing high. If it is an uptrend, right, if I'm trading the reversal, it's going to be below the swing low. And for your take profit, you want to make sure that you only pick one target, right? Which is step four. All right, step four, take profit, just pick one target. Once again, this is where so many people mess up because they mark 10 different targets, right? They want to set their take profit right here. They also want to exit here. They also want to exit all the way down here, right? That's not how you do it. Okay? When you do that, what happens is that you're going to panic and you're going to manage the trade different ways at different price points. So you only need one target for your daily bias, right? Because bias is not where price can go. Bias is where price is most likely to go next. So when you're setting your take profit, you want to ask yourself what's the most logical magnet from where price is right now. Like like where's the next price point where price is going to gravitate towards next. So to me, there are three magnets that I really care about. The first one is the prior day high and the prior day low. Like I said, it's literally just yesterday high and yesterday low, right? because that's where liquidity is sitting at. So what you can potentially do is that you can target the prior day low just like this. The second sort of place to take your take profit is to actually ask yourself what is the opposing zone. Right? So if we are in a premium pricing just like this and we are looking to short at a supply, I'm going to be taking profit at the next demand zone. Okay? If we are in discount pricing and we are looking for longs, right, then I'm going to be taking profit at the next supply zone, right? So what's the opposing zone where I can expect some form of reversal, some form of opposing um participants to enter into the market. And then the third place where you can place a takerit is an unfilled imbalance. Okay, if there's a clear inefficiency, price tends to come back and fill it up. Right? So imbalance is basically when there's a gap in price. Like for example, in this case right here, big bullish candlestick over here. And if you look at the candlestick after the big bullish candlestick low right here, you can see there's a gap just like this. And this is what we call the imbalance. Once again, not going to dive too deep into this concept. I already done a video on this is in the liquidity concepts lesson, right? So you can go and check that out, right? But this could be another place to place your take profit, right? At this imbalance right here. So once again, just don't overthink it. Basically, you just want to target the opposing side. If you are entering for a sell at a supply zone, you target the next demand or the next swing low or the prior day low. If you are entering for a buy at a discount pricing, right, you want to target the next supply zone or the next swing high. As simple as that, right? So in this case, if I enter for buy right here, because price maybe mitigate this demand zone right here and it's discount within the discount pricing, I'm going to be targeting the next 15-minute supply which is right here. And you can see literally price went there, started reversing and heading down. So one target, one direction, now you actually have a plan. The last step, step five is to define invalidation. Right? Once again, this is the part that separate traders who have a plan from traders who just cope. Because a real bias is not just I think it's going to go up. No, a real bias includes the line in the sand that says if this happens then I'm wrong. So here's the mindset that I want you to steal. Good traders think about the next move. Great traders think about their next five move and the consequence of the consequence of their actions, right? So they are literally just thinking about what could possibly go wrong and they are like literally like just playing out the different scenarios in their head before they actually enter for the trade itself before they actually confirm the daily bias. So your job is very simple. Just finish this one sentence. My bias is wrong if X happens. You can fill up X with whatever you want. So give you an example. If my bias is bullish, then my bias is invalid if price breaks and hold below my key level. Not just a week, but a real break and acceptance. And in this case, if my bias is bearish, then my bias will be invalid if price came up here and hold above this key level right here. Okay. So once again, cannot be a candlestick wick break. It must be a reclaim and acceptance. So here's the discipline rule that will save your account and save you from making stupid decisions and make stupid mistakes and incur unnecessary losses. If my bias is invalidated, I reset my bias. Okay? So if price actually go up there, take out this high right here, boom, I'm re-evaluating what the market is doing right now. I'm not going to be imposing my will onto the market. I'm not going to be revenge trading. I'm not going to be doubling down. I'm not going to make back the loss. No, I accept the fact that I am wrong and I reread the market. I re-evaluate the situation. Once again, if you don't have some form of rule just like this to invalidate your bias, to invalidate your trade idea, then you don't have a bias, you have hope. And hope is outsourcing your responsibility to luck. And luck is not a strategy, my friend. So those are the five steps to actually develop a daily bias, right? So let's just play price forward to see what price does next. Okay, eventually price comes down here, right? Come down to the discount pricing. Okay, once price comes on the discount pricing, we can expect price to start reversing, right? But then we don't want to enter for a buy until price take out the last higher low, right? Because right now we are technically still bearish, right? So if the price start shifting bullish, we need to wait for price to take out this high right here and eventually price take out the high and right now we are shifting bullish. So right now this is where the internal structure the internal order flow the lower time frame trend is aligned with the higher time frame trend. Internal trend bullish higher time frame trend bullish and now you can trade in continuation with the higher time frame structure. As simple as that. All right let's quickly go through another example this time on Bitcoin chart. As you can see on the left hand side I got a chart on the right hand side I actually got the trading plan. Once again, the cool part about Edge Flow is that one of the features is called Edge, which allows you to actually build your trading plan on there and you can actually review your trading plan and actually like analyze the charts while having a trading plan right next to you, right? So, that's that's the cool thing. I thought that it'd be pretty cool to actually use my software to actually showcase this strategy to you. Anyways, let's dive into it. Right? So, Bitcoin obviously bearish right now. Price is creating lower highs, low low, whatever. Right? So if I'm looking at this just right there, I can see the first step is to mark my high time frame swing range and my premium discount. Right? So swing high, swing low. Okay, this cannot be swing low yet because price is not making like a decent pullback. Yeah, I want to see price make like a significant pullback. Once price make like a significant pullback just like this. Boom. Swing low form. Swing high, swing low. Next take out a premium discount too. Premium discount. Boom. Then and now we know that price has entered into the premium pricing. This is where we can start looking for shorts, right? Then the next question to ask yourself is, okay, where's the available liquidity, right? Where's the prior day high, the prior day low, and is there any equal highs and equal lows? So, what I want to do now is to go to the daily time frame to find the most recent daily candle, which is this one right here, prior day high, prior day low. So, ideally, I want that to get swept. Go back down to the 4our time frame and ask yourself whether there's any like equal highs and lows nearby. Right? So in this particular case that is price goes down, pulls back, comes down, pulls back and it goes down. So there's not really the equal highs and equal lows. But if you guys watch the liquidity lessons, you will know that this means that there's available liquidity sitting above those highs right there. Okay, so later on let's see what price does next. Okay, later on price came down here. See it swept the prior day high. Once set pri started reversing into like this demand right here, then started going up. So if you're a scalpel or intraday trader, you could potentially look for nice shots right here the minute price swept the prior day high. Okay, but in this case that doesn't really matter, right? Because what we saw was price going up even deeper into the premium pricing to actually sweep the available liquidity above this highs right here. So the next step is to ask yourself whether we are in a continuation phase or the pullback phase, right? Is to build that narrative, is to build that story. So obviously we see that price is obviously in the pullback phase since price have shifted bullish in the short term to facilitate the pullback. So what we want to do is we want to continue buying right continue buying continue trading this internal orderflow until price comes into you know deeper into the premium pricing maybe come all the way up here to this extreme supply or even like this next supply zone right here right so I personally would keep on buying buying buying buying buying until price reach here once price reach here I'll stop buying and I'll start to reevaluate the situation to start looking for reversals right to see when price is shifting bearish and that is where I want to you know trade in that direction itself, right? But let's continue to play price forward and see what price does next. Internal structure continue bullish, right? And what happens is price came all the way up there and swept the available liquidity above the previous swing high. Once again, not going to dive too deep into entry and exits in this video. I just want to show you how to really like find out your daily bias, right? And you can kind of see like my thought process while I'm looking at this move right here. So, at this point of time, price swept this swing high. Actually, I just realized that's actually equal highs right here. Price went up, pull back, goes up, pulls back. Equal highs, ladies and gentlemen. Right. So, price went up there, swep the available liquidity above the equal highs. Right now, yes, also came very deep into the premium pricing and we are also potentially done with the pullback phase. Right? Right now, price might get enough liquidity to cause price to start heading down next. Right? So if you do right, what you can do is look for extra confirmation, your market shift or your liquidity sweep, whatever. When that appears, start shorting the market down because now the market is reversing and hitting bearish. And then what you want to do is to pick one target, right? Place your takeprofit at like the next opposing demand zone or the next swing low, right? Maybe like somewhere down here or even all the way down here. And then also what's your invalidation, right? You need to define that. So to me personally if price actually go up there and take out this high right here the protected high which have swept liquidity you know just does this then I know we are shifting bullish right my bias is no longer bearish my bias is wrong if price actually take goes up there and take out this 116k level right here right so let's see what happens next all right price continue dumping right so since price did not run up there and take out this high right here our bias is valid we are bearish and right now we are indeed shifting bearish right now. The lower time frame is turning bearish and it's aligned with the higher time frame as well. So, this is where you can start to see this is potentially the new lower high that's being formed in this bash market structure and it can potentially target this next zone right here. Right? And let's watch what price does next. Price later on continue coming down here chop a little bit come down smash our TP right here. We didn't set TP but like you get the point, right? That's how you pretty much develop and trade your daily bias itself. Very very simple. Okay, you can see I pretty much did that in less than five minutes. Like I said, five steps, five minutes, one trade plan, one strategy. Literally as simple as that. No need to complicate things. Now, I know you're super excited to go out there and try this strategy and make some money. But before you do, I want to call out the five mistakes that make people inconsistent even when they have a strategy just like this, right? Even when they technically know what to do. And once again, I'm saying this from experience, right? Because over the past few years, I've coached thousands of traders and inside the 1% club, I've had hundreds of students go on to become six figure funded traders. Recently, there was a student who got 850k in funding and right now it's on the way to scaling to a million dollars. Right? So, basically coach a lot of traders, I have a lot of knowledge and experience. And to me, what's funny is the ones who stay stuck usually aren't missing some secret entry model, right? Because they are getting the same exact information as the people who go out there and win. But the people who stay stock, they are double touching themselves with the same few mistakes every single week, right? They do the same over and over again and they expect different results. They play stupid games and they win stupid prizes. All right, so let me show you the five most common biggest mistakes ever. The first mistake is that they try to find their daily bars on a fiveminut time frame. When you start off with the five minute time frame, you'll realize that there's a lot of noise, right? There's a lot of price going up, down, sideways, you know, a lot of random volatility and a lot of like BS, right? So, what happens is that you end up reacting to every single move right here trying to guess where price is going to go next in the next 1 second instead of planning out your daily bias, right? So, don't do that. When it comes to your daily bias, always go from the higher time frame first. You only use the lower time frame like the five minute for entries, for execution. Mistake number two is you have a feeling. Okay, we all know that trader where when you ask him, yo, bro, why do you enter for a buy? Then he say, oh, well, I I feel bullish. Feelings aren't a framework, right? Emotions aren't a strategy. End of the day, real bias requires you to follow a plan just like this. Requires you to figure out a target. Requires you to figure out a invalidation. If you cannot say your bus in one sentence, you don't have one. Right? So for example for me personally when I was looking at this just like this I know that okay my bias is bearish because right now price has came into the premium pricing swep the available liquidity and the internal structure is shifting bearish that's it right that's it mistake number three is trading mid-range chop right when you're trading in the middle of nowhere just like this middle of freaking Wyoming right not at extreme zone not at a premium pricing not at a discount pricing when price is in the middle of nowhere right when price is just chopping going sideways. Once again, you're going to fall victim to a lot of fake outs, a lot of indecisiveness in the market, right? And it's just unprofitable, right? Just remember that the most profitable trades are only taken at the extreme, either at a premium or the discount pricing. If it's mid-range, if it's consolidating, if it's sideways, it's either you stay out of the market completely and wait for price to come up to the extremes. Or if you do want to trade this, reduce your risk, right? use like a smaller position size. Mistake number four is changing bias after every single candlestick. Oh, price is shifting bullish right now. Okay, cool. I was bearish just now, but I guess not, right? I'm no longer bearish because there's this big bullish candlesticks right here. That's not how you trade, right? Remember, your bias only change when your invalidation is hit. When this rule appears, then you can tell yourself to re-evaluate the situation of the market to change your bias. Okay? But if you're switching your bias every single minute, every single time because every single candlestick move, then what happens is that you're going to be overtrading. You're going to be wrench trading. You're going to be chasing trades. You're going to be trading with your emotions. And when you do that, you are no longer trading the market. You are trading your mental well-being. You are trading your belief about the market. And the final step is the biggest one is not trusting your bias. Now listen, if you have done your research, you have done your preparation, you have done your analysis, you have done the work to actually develop your bias, why will you not trust it? Well, because you're incompetent. Someone has to say that, right? Someone has to say that you ain't When you have never ged enough traits to know if your bias process actually works, you tend to second guessess everything. Remember, you don't build trust in your system by shouting affirmations in the mirror. I am good. I am profitable. I am profitable. I am I I can develop my bias. No is you can't build trust by affirmations or manifestation or visualization. You build trust in your system by gathering so much data that is unreasonable not to understand your edge because conviction comes from confidence. Confidence comes from competence and competence comes from consistency. Okay, let me repeat that. It's a loop. Consistency breeds competence. Competence breeds confidence. And confidence bress conviction which allows you to trust in your trading strategy which allows you to trust yourself. So if you are inconsistent with your actions, you will never have conviction in your trading strategy and in yourself which also means you will never have consistent profits. As simple as that. So here's my challenge for you, right? Take this trade plan right here and I want you to commit to something just like this. Commit to one bias checklist just like this for the next 30 days. And when you do that, I want you to track the outcome of every single trade that you take after reviewing this trade plan, right? Whether your bias was right, whether your bias was wrong, and if it was right, why? Why did it work out? If it was wrong, why didn't it work out? And after these 30 days, at the end of these 30 days, review every single trade outcome. Trust me, you will get so much information from these 30 days than your past few years of trading. Because remember, the best information about your trading isn't found in trading videos, isn't found in trading books, isn't even found by listening to me. The best information about your trading is your trading. Okay, let me repeat that. The best information about your trading is your trading. If you want to get better at trading, you have to review your trade. Because when you do that, you can find out what works and what didn't works, and you can do more of what works and less of what doesn't. Boom. That's it for this longest video on setting a daily bars. I know the video title is probably something along the lines of how to find your daily bars in five minutes. It's true, right? I gave you the five steps which allow you to, you know, figure out your daily bus in 5 minutes. But this video is probably not 5 minutes because I want to make sure that I go in-depth as much as possible and prevent you from making the stupid mistakes that a lot of my students used to make, but they're no longer making because I correct them and now they are all becoming like profitable as All right. Now, setting a daily bar is only the first step of the process. The next step is to identify your entry trigger and your entry confirmations, your entry models, right? And I covered all of that in this video right here. Right? So, please go and check out that video because when you combine that with what I've just shared with you for the past 1 hour or so, you will become extremely competent at trading. You will be able to like just catch profitable trades like nothing, like in a step of a finger. All right? So, yeah, check check out the video right here where I teach you how to get sniper entries. And as always, remember, you're just one trade away.